#can open a WebSocket connection simply by calling the WeblSocket construcotr:

var connection= new WebSocket('ws://html5rocks.websocket.org/echo',['soap','xmpp']);

Web Socket connetions are initiated via HTTP; HTTP servers typically interpret Web Socket handshakes as an Upgrade request.

The steps for establishing the connection of Web Socket are as follow:
	The client establishes a connection through a process known as Web Socke handshake.
	The process begins with client sending a regular HTTP request to the server.
	An Upgrade hader is requested. IN this request, it informs the server that request is for Web Socket connection.

	Web Socket URLs use the ws scheme. They are also used for secure Web Socket conections, which are the equivaluent to HTTPs.
	

Web Sockets-Events

There are four main Web Socket API events -

	Open
	Message
	Close
	Error
Each of the events are handled by implementing the functions like onopen, on message, onclose and onerror functions respectively. It can also be implemented with the help of addEventListener method.

Open-- onpen #once the connection has been established between the client and the server, the open event is fired from Web Socket instance. It is called as the initial handshake between client and server.

MESSAGE--onmessage Messages sent by the server to the client can include plain text messages, binary data or images. Whenever the data is send, the onmessage function is fired.

CLOSE--onclose marks the end of communication between server and the client.

ERROR--onerror, error marks for some mistake, which happens during the commuunication. It is marked with the help of onerror event. Onerror is alwys followed by termination of connection. 

Web Sockets-Actions

Events are usually triggered when something happens. On the other hand, actions are taken when a user wants something to happen. Actions are made by explicit calls using functions by users.

The Web Socket protocal supports two main actions, namely-
	send()
	close()

send()	#this action is usually for some communication with the server, which includes sending messages.

close() #This method stand for goodbye handshake. It terminates the connection completey and no data can be trasferred until the connection is re-established

It is a good practice to provide appropriate feedback to the users waiting for the Web Socket connection to be established.However it is always noted that Web Socket connections are comparatively fast
